Project: Mamluk vs Knight
Author: github.com/AbdalrahmanS

Summary: Mamluk vs Knight is a two-player text-based strategy game. Essentially, one player 
plays the Mamluks, and another plays the Knights. The Knights have a higher defense, while the
Mamluks have the higher attack. Each player is trying to defeat the other players armies. 

How to Play:
	* Players need to decide who gets to play the Knights, while who gets to play the Mamluks. 
	Each of these soldier types have different percs. Both classes of soldiers have 100 health. The
	Knights have a defense of 30, while an attack of 20. The Mamluks have a defense of 10, while an
	attack of 40. How these values come in to play will be explained later on, however, all you need 
	to keep in mind for now is that Knights have a higher defense, while the Mamluks have a higher
	attack. 
	
	* Each player gets 50 solders, and needs to use those soldiers to assemble 5 armies. How many
	soldiers per army is up to the player. Each player also gets to name the field marshal and name of
	each army.
	
	* Once all the armies are assembled the attack phase begins. The attack phase is basically where
	the armies attack each other. A single soldier can only attack another soldier, not more. I
	will illustrate this with a point. In a 5v5 match, 5 soldiers of one army will attack the 
	5 soldiers of the other army. In a 5v3 match, the 3 soldiers in one army can only attack 3
	soldiers in the other army. 
	
	* In a fight between two armies, there are two different types of attacks, their is a "direct
	attack", and "shield attack". The direct attack is the desired attack, this is because a direct
	attack directly lowers the health of the opposing the soldier. A shielded attack is less 
	desirable because before the attack is used against the health of a soldier, it first has to
	be subtracted from the defense, therein becoming a smaller attack. I'll further explain this
	point with a example. Let's say a Mamluk soldier attacks a soldier directly, the health of 
	that Knight will become 60 (100-40). However, in a shielded attack, the Knight will have a
	health of 90, this is because the 40 attack of the Mamluk will be subtracted by 30 (the defense
	of the knight), becoming an attack of 10, so the health of the Knight will be 90 (100-10).
	
	* This begs the question, why would you ever use a shielder attack? The answer is pretty simple,
	it isn't up to you, it's up to chance. In a normal attack phase, each soldier has a 50% chance
	of landing a direct hit. That is unless you use an Ace. Each army has 3 Aces. If you use an
	Ace, the chance of a direct attack is 83%. But, as mentioned before, each army only has 3.
	
	* In order for an army to die, the field marshal must be killed. Once an army is dead, it can't
	attack. However, if there are soldiers with a health greater than 0 from a dead army, the army in
	the next attack phase will take those remaining soldiers. Aces can't be carried over 
	
	* Once a player's 5 field marshals are dead, he/she will lose the game. That's basically how
	the game works. The strategy of the game is deciding how much soldiers you want to put per army,
	and when you want to use your Aces. The rest is up to lady luck. 

How the Code Works, as of (7/18/2021):
	* The main chunk of code is in the GenericArmy.java class. This class has all the
	inner workings of an army. This code is heavily based on a linked-list, just with different names.
	To put it simply, a soldier is like a node, and the army is a linked list. This class was made
	abstract to prevent it from being instanced as a normal army. This class is then extended two the
	two army classes, the Mamluk and Knight. Those classes are pretty simple, they mainly just 
	super back to the super-class. The Mamluk and Knight classes are pretty much the same, the
	only difference is the values they input for the attack and defense. There is then the 
	TestBattleField.java class which is meant to be a place to test out new features. 
	
	* There is then the the Multiplayer.java file which uses the Mamluk and Knight 
	classes to allow two players to play against each other. The creation of a "campaign" is 
	expected to be developed in the future.
	
	--- Files ----> GenericArmy.java, Mamluk.java, Knight.java, TestBattleField.java,
					Multiplayer.java

Testing Help, as of (7/24/2021)
	* Here are some test answers for the questions in the game, this is to test new features
	1 - no
	2 - Saladin, Khalid, Faisal, Qutuz, Baibars
	3 - Army one, Army two, Army three, Army four, Army five
	4 - 10 10 10 10 10
	5 - Richard the LionHeart, Louis IX of France, Constantine the Great, Justinian I, Charlemagne
	6 - Army unus, Army duo, Army tribus, Army quattuor, Army quinque
	7 - 10 10 10 10 10
	
	
